Ability for Users to configure auth token expiration [19341] (#21993)
backstage/backstage: plugins/auth-backend/README.md

## Links

- [The Backstage homepage](https://backstage.io)

## Configuring Token Expiration in App Config

> The expiration feature is not enabled unless you set this in your config file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to change Backstage token expiration from the default value of one hour, set the following in your config file:
```
Sorry, this wording was not right. Expiration is definitely always enabled for security reasons!

> If you need to change Backstage token expiration from the default value of one hour, set the following in your config file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to change Backstage token expiration from the default value of one hour you can do so through configuration. Note that this is **not** the session duration, but rather the duration that the short-term cryptographic tokens are valid for. The expiration can not be set lower than 10 minutes or above 24 hours.

This is what the configuration looks like:
```
